the Nokia Lumia 521 for t-mobile has a
compact design and a tapered bezel that
fits just right in your hand the
removable back cover hides a 1430
milliamp hour battery that keeps the 521
going for nine hours of talktime with 16
days of standby time tucked in by the
removable battery is a place to install
micro SIM card to get you connected to
the t-mobile network and a place to
increase storage with a microSD card
powering the Lumia 521 is a one
gigahertz dual-core processor in 512
megabytes of RAM it also has 8 gigabytes
of on-board storage to keep your music
movies and pictures the colorful and
active Windows Phone 8 operating system
running on the 521 looks fantastic
thanks to the 480 x 800 screen
resolution on the 4 inch LCD display
navigating the operating system is easy
thanks to the super responsive
touchscreen in the three navigation
buttons at the bottom if you enjoy
listening to music on your phone the
Lumia 521 offers you a standard 3.5
millimeter headphone jack so you can use
your existing headphones to charge the
521 you simply use the included micro
USB charger that comes in the package to
plug it into a standard wall outlet or
into a USB port on a computer along the
right side of the phone is the volume up
and down rocker switch power and sleep
button and a dedicated camera shutter
button taking pictures on the Lumia 521
s 5 megapixel primary camera is simple
and quick thanks to a shortcut that
launches the camera application with a
long press of the shutter button using
the shortcut will help you capture that
quick picture opportunity without the
need to unlock your phone with its
excellent integration with all Microsoft
products the Lumia 521 seamlessly
integrates and displays information on
live tiles on the home screen from
microsoft exchange accounts outlook
calendars and even your xbox live
account live tiles provide you
information from within the application
without having to open up the
application and that's a quick look at
the Nokia Lumia 521 for t-mobile my name
is Scott Lewis for Wirefly thanks for
watching
Oh